these meetings with ama morning cei-canada for the launch the same
hardly new tumble of 5 to a father of alsace here with me the
campania the king of motocross himself in canada jean-sébastien king five times
Canadian champion and because it's okay it's not the savoie
very well thank you
jean-sébastien we were happy to present a new bike today
we are at the base outside of allah to help us otherwise performance we are
develops but as a renowned coach coming to the goal
so unfortunately very much ahead of the new chassis
m for the apel here is finally m
big game and this new chassis here too it's morning to give it a
best appearance at low and medium revs
and at the end of the line that's what gave me the bike where the mesh of the
territory it's better performances mary cohr
while his share of that desire to try sum us in time
and patients
I may be
for the new bike 2 the ps note ago at the time when the first
impressions
thanks to the contribution of the new chassis
it can be a good ally to fellow racing
that's the theory that a visa so dahico's uncontrolled and then the
the way to gaza sporting and placed more
on the side of the opponents charge a little the ball his account
8%
valentin much better compared to the year before the pond by a lot of
to be wandering from 2009 the apple store
the author as much as a chain bridge
this meant since yesterday
the general
I have just addressed their hands first cousin
see the world ranking another circuit kelley his competitor the group